new exp_fit with s * () + dual and triple (#204)
qua-platform/py-qua-tools: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.17.2] - 2024-04-24
### Added

> - digital_filters - dual_exponential and triple_exponential decay have the following formulas, `s * (1 + a1*np.exp(-x/t1)+ a2*np.exp(-x/t2))` and `s * (1 + a1*np.exp(-x/t1) + a2*np.exp(-x/t2) + a3*np.exp(-x/t3))`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- digital_filters - added `dual_exponential_decay` and `triple_exponential decay` which can be used to fit and extract the exponential decay coefficients when there are multiple time constants
```
